hey there's tank girl and I came home
today from work finding two packages so
you guys are going to get to unboxings
i'll start with the easier simpler one
sprint sent me this samsung instinct s30
phone they couldn't get me a pree review
'not in time for the launch so i think
this is their way of saying sorry but
it's awesome because you know i get
something to play with so let's see here
we have the device it's kind of coppery
looking it's a feature phone out of the
touch screen and i think i was a 2
megapixel camera and video 3g on the
sprint network and see what else is in
this box we have a charger with a custom
samsung connector we have a couple
manuals watch a whole bundle of them oh
there's an SD card in here as well
decent adapter probably has a new scheme
microSD card inside the adapter as well
and then we have what looks like a
headset and then we have a USB cable
also the custom samsung connector I
wonder since in the same connector as my
memoir t nine to nine probably is and
that's it no more have anything in the
box there was a hole for the battery but
I bet you the battery is in the phone
this
formal tickets interviewed before so
yeah not much here manuals phone charger
USB cable headset so i'll be playing
with us a little bit and letting you
know what I think you know that I
sometimes cover future phones and
hopefully this will lead to more
goodness from the folks that print at
sprint going forward anyway that's it
for now Cheers check my blog it's ken
cage or elbow or dress calm and i'll
probably be having some pictures are
they soon all right